Domain Specific Language for Spatial Simulation Scenarios - DSL3S
======================================================================================

Copyright
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright 2010 - 2014 Instituto Superior Técnico. All rights reserved. 
Any use of this software constitutes full acceptance of all terms of the 
software's license.

Description
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This project is part of the doctoral studies on Computer Science by Luís de 
Sousa (student id D44155) at the Instituto Superior Técnico [1]. The aim of 
this project is to develop a graphical language capable of describing spatial 
simulations in the context of Geographic Information Systems (GIS). This is to 
be the achieved by the development and application of a UML profile coupled to 
a code generation infrastructure. For more details on the project the following 
article is recommended:

de Sousa, L. and da Silva, A. R., “Preliminary Design and Implementation of 
DSL3S”, CAMUSS - International Symposium on Cellular Automata Modelling for 
Urban and Spatial Systems, Oporto, November 2012.

[1] https://fenix.ist.utl.pt/cursos/deic?locale=en_EN

Wiki
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For more information and the latest updates please visit the Wiki [2].

[2] https://github.com/ldesousa/DSL3S/wiki

Software dependencies
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To run this project the following pieces of software are required:

. Eclipse (4.3.1) - the development workbench [3];

. Papyrus (0.10.2) - Eclipse extension for UML modelling [4];

. Acceleo (3.4.1) - Eclipse extension for code generation [5];

The versions referenced are those presently supporting development and should 
be read as indicative. DSL3S has also been tested with Eclipse versions 3.6, 
3.7 and 4.2, with which the equivalent development pipeline should also yield a 
fully functional project. DSL3S hasn't been tested on later versions of Eclipse 
but it should be likewise functional.

Beyond the development pipeline, the MASON [6] simulation library and its 
extension GeoMASON [7] are necessary to run the code generated by DSL3S.

[3] http://www.eclipse.org

[4] http://www.eclipse.org/modeling/mdt/papyrus/

[5] http://www.acceleo.org/pages/introduction/en

[6] http://cs.gmu.edu/~eclab/projects/mason/

[7] http://cs.gmu.edu/~eclab/projects/mason/extensions/geomason/

Licence
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DSL3S is released under the EUPL 1.1 licence [8]. For further details please 
consult the LICENCE file.  

[8] http://joinup.ec.europa.eu/software/page/eupl
